the world still needs superheroes
comic con at home delivered when it
comes to the boys because we got a sneak
peek clip of season two
and an announcement of season three and
so much more so we're gonna break this
all down for you all right now
on the ketchup the casting creators of
the hit amazon show
virtually gathered for a comic-con
at-home panel where they talked about
the upcoming second season which
premieres on september 4th with the
first three episodes and then releases
weekly after that
looks like they're really milking us
this time around friends now during the
panel we got a look at a brand new scene
where the boys are in a boat and being
chased by the deep who is riding atop a
giant whale and while the whale doesn't
have a very happy ending we
are happy to see the boys in action
against another soup also does this mean
that the deep is officially back in the
seventh
this sneak peek basically confirms that
the second season could very well be
bigger and
crazier than the first as advertised
showrunner eric kripke revealed at the
panel that season 2 will touch on
current issues like white supremacy
and systemic racism similar to how
season 1 touched on things like the
metoo movement and the american weapons
industry
this will no doubt have something to do
with the new character stormfront
played by aya cash who in the comics is
a male neo-nazi
now check out our episode about her
addition to the cast if you haven't
already because there is a lot to unpack
with stormfront and it seems like she's
going to be a match for homelander this
season
hi my nana's your biggest fan i'm
stormfront
great we've also learned more about the
fate of a train who suffered a heart
attack at the end of season one
jesse t usher said that his character
has survived but
physically he's in bad shape and will be
dealing with issues stemming from his
abusive compound v and the toll it's
taken on him as an athlete i'm good i'm
good i'm fast baby like i'll roll you
know
and it was teased by both carl urban and
aaron moriarty that their characters
billy butcher and starlight will be
teaming up in some capacity
which given her strong moral compass and
his overall dark nature
could be very interesting and fun get a
little more horrible
plus it sounds like in season two we're
gonna learn more about the past of other
members of the boys including mother's
milk frenchy and kamiko
including why she doesn't speak and not
surprising we know the boys will be
dealing with some
internal issues with one of those being
billy's focus on saving his wife from
homelander
at any cost poor huey
that was diabolical finally at the end
of the panel producer seth rogen and
evan goldberg showed up and announced
that season three
has already been picked up by amazon yes
but they also said who knows when
they'll be able to
actually film it i mean maybe we'll get
a covid fighting soup though like the
mask or something
and to go along with the upcoming season
two panel host aisha tyler will be
hosting a new after show called prime
rewind inside the boys which will debut
on
august 28th with a recap of season one
how do you know so much about the spice
girls all right friends it's time for us
to kick it over to you now what do you
think about that new footage from the
boys season 2 let us know all your
thoughts and feelings in the comments
section
also by the way i have seen the first
three episodes of season two and i
cannot wait to discuss it with you once
the show is out
so be sure to join our fan group on
facebook so you don't miss out on any of
that fun
and if you don't want to miss out on any
future episodes of this show be sure to
hit that subscribe button and
notification bell and as
always thank you so much for watching
the ketchup we love your support and we
can't wait to see your face in the next
video
bye
you